Liquidation core functionality (#457)
sidestream-tech/unified-auctions-ui: core/README.md

Set of typescript functions, tests and simulation to work with MakerDAO auctions.

## Collateral price extraction

The functionality of the tool includes fetching collateral prices from the blockchain in order to determine wether the vault is or will be undercollateralized.
The price is fetched from the private variables of the contract. Since the variables are private, they are only accessible via memory address. Different contracts have different memory layouts.
On top of that the information that is contained in the contracts differs - e.g. some of them do not contain future prices.

> Therefore it is necessary to specify the memory addresses for each collateral type since there's one price source (contract) per collateral. The fetching is done based on the provided values.

Reviewer: This text is missing the context and obviously shouldn't be above `Simulations` and `Environment Variables` sections. It's mostly important to know this information in case new collateral is added, so I would add it as subsection to `Collateral onboarding` or remove completely as it doesn't add a value besides describing the obvious (already enforced by the types)

3. Ensure that you're authorized to do call your validation function (or the function is publicly available and can be called by anyone)
  3.1. If you're not authorized - you have to overwrite the mapping that stores the authorizations before reading or calling any of the functions. The process is no different from overwriting any other value.
4. Overwrite the value on the running hardhat fork, write your script that does the following:
   - get the provider object. (e.g. call `getProvider` from `provider.ts`)
   - determine the contract name (or add it). Use `contract.ts` file.
   - Call the overwrite function, most likely `/helpers/hardhat` package might be of help here since it already has some funcitonality for overwrites defined.
   - validate that the overwrite was successful:
       - if you were whitelisting yourself (giving auth to your wallet) - call a function of the contract that requires this auth:
           - `overwriteUIntMapping`
           - `overwriteUIntValue`

>        - if you are whitelisted, call the function of the contract (`await contract.function_name(...params)`) that returns the price. Compare it with the value you have submitted.

Reviewer: This part seems like you're explaining how to write a (test) script. But it's not specific enough. Eg `determine the contract name (or add it). Use contract.ts file` – which contract name, how to determine it?

Can you please instead provide the script(s)? The script that will ask collateral name via prompt, print its OSM address as a url to etherscan and the instruction to count something specific, then wait for the count, then ask for something else, eg method name, validate it, and finally print the oracle config. Otherwise, I am afraid we will keep iterating this readme indefinitely. As [most of the questions asked previously](https://github.com/sidestream-tech/unified-auctions-ui/pull/457#discussion_r974307134) still not answered:
- What `private variables` need to be extracted? Do you have their names, their types, other ways of understanding that?
- What to do with the slot address after it was determined? In which exact variable to put it, in which format?
- What is the difference between `CurrentAndNextPrice` and the other type? How to determine which one is which?
- What is `hasDelay` value and how to determine it?
- Where is the example of the config that needs to be added?
- What is `offset`? How to determine it?
- What is `slotPriceValueBeginsAtPosition`? How to determine it?

        - The file should be named using the name from `1.`
        - The file should export `CalleeFunctions`
        - The file should be imported in the [`calleeFunctions/index.ts`](./src/calleeFunctions/index.ts)
3. Adding price oracle configurations for the token:

>     1. Get the source code of the price oracle contract:

Author: This and the previous comments should now be answered by the subbullets.

       - read `ilks(collateralType)` from [`Spot` contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0x65c79fcb50ca1594b025960e539ed7a9a6d434a3#code)
    2. Read the contract and determine the slot address of the variable:

>        - Depending on the variable type it can be stored in different slots for memory consumption minimization
>        - https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.13/internals/layout_in_storage.html documentation is helpful
>        - Generally the slot number increments with each (big enough) variable in top-to-bottom manner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - Generally a slot number can be determined by counting definition of variables in the contract source code, but there are exceptions, [please read the docs on the solidity version the contract was compiled with](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.13/internals/layout_in_storage.html)
```

>        - Experimenting with blockchain fork (e.g. hardhat) helps: try to fetch the value you're looking for / overwrite it / ... and validate that it's correct via some public method or comparing against your expectation.

Reviewer: This doesn't explain how to actually experiment with it.

Currently, even me with internal knowledge of the repo, contracts and the process, wouldn't be able to add a new collateral because this instruction doesn't explain it practical enough. Where to look? What commands to execute? How to understand they are correctly executed? What `private variables` need to be extracted? What to do with the slot address after it was determined? What is the difference between `CurrentAndNextPrice` and the other type? What is `hasDelay` value and how to determine it? Where is the example of the config that needs to be added? What is `offset`? What is `slotPriceValueBeginsAtPosition`? etc, I can keep going with every other value.

Please explain it in details that even external developer can add a new collateral / fix existing one, provide links to the source code. Provide helper functions/scripts to determine slots if this will simplify the process

Author: added a section
